=Recipes

==authored by Randy Leighton and Jeremy Whitaker

This is a Ruby rails project created to manage recipes. This uses a many to many relationship with tables recipes and tags.

---
To run this locally:
$ git clone https://github.com/randyleighton/recipes-d2-rails.git
$ rake db:create
$ rake db:migrate
$ rails server
Web Browser Address => http://localhost:3000/
---
* Created in Ruby 2.0.0, Rails 4.1.5
* Utilizes Bundle gem to manage gem dependencies
* Database utilized: PostgreSQL
* Database names: recipes_development, recipes_test
* Testing utilizes Rails helper, rspec 3.0.4, and rspec-rails 3.0.2
  (if gem versions are lower than these try to use "bundle update")
---
There are many criteria this project will focus on:
* Routes are created to utilize RESTful format.
* There is a route for the homepage.
* Render and redirecting are being utilized in the controller with flash messages.
* Application logic in the models, and controllers do as little work as possible.
* Parameters are utilizing the better parameters nesting format. The movie controller is using the params[:movie] format.
* Forms display errors correctly, including partials.
* Flash message is in place for new record creation, record updating, and deleting. These use bootstrap in the application.html.erb to utilize alerts.
* Reused code for error checking and forms is refactored into partials.
* App utilizes the asset pipeline for CSS. Bootstrap is setup and configured to run. The app/assets/stylesheets/application.css.scss file is renamed and contains css.
---
table "recipes"
  t.string "name"
  t.string "description"

table "recipes_tags"
  t.integer "recipe_id"
  t.integer "tag_id"

table "tags"
  t.string   "name"
  t.datetime "created_at"
  t.datetime "updated_at"
---
